Update New-CsTeamsMessagingPolicy.md (#9152)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsMessagingPolicy.md

## DESCRIPTION
 The CsTeamsMessagingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control if a user is enabled to exchange messages. These also help determine the type of messages users can create and modify.  This cmdlet creates a new Teams messaging policy.  Custom policies can then be assigned to users using the Grant-CsTeamsMessagingPolicy cmdlet.

> 
> **NOTE** If the value from allowuserdeletemessage is set to false, the team owner will not be able to delete his own messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If the -allowuserdeletemessage parameter is set to FALSE, the team owner will not be able to delete his own messages.
```

> **Note**: If the value from allowuserdeletemessage is set to FALSE, the team owner will not be able to delete his own messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If the `-AllowOwnerDeleteMessage` parameter is set to FALSE, the team owner will not be able to delete his own messages.
```

> **Note**: If the value from allowuserdeletemessage is set to FALSE, the team owner will not be able to delete his own messages.

Reviewer: Also, please change "his" to "their" to keep it gender-neutral.
